Street by street. Block by block. Taking it all back.
The youth's immersed in poison--turn the tide
counterattack. Violence against violence, let the roundups begin.
A firestorm to purify the bane that society drowns in.
So, OK, like right now, for example, the Haitians need to come to America. But some people are all "What about the strain on our resources?" But it's like, when I had this garden party for my father's birthday right? I said R.S.V.P. because it was a sit-down dinner. But people came that like, did not R.S.V.P. so I was like, totally buggin'.
No mercy, no exceptions, a declaration of total war.
Roaches crawl in the filth of vice
What's deserved is what they receive
Suffer the pain they bring to themselves
Then deny the ruin
Try to shift the blame onto
Those who are unresponsible
Sink down in a listless state
A complacent half-life
Vicious, barbaric impulsiveness
Walking corpses decay
In the torment that they have made
Let them sink to the bottom
Those who won't stand, let it be their grave
Reach up for a hand but they're all bitten
So now they're drawn away
Killing brain cells, wasting away
Killing brain cells, pure misery
Killing brain cells, renounce, relapse
Killing brain cells, over and over again, again
See them scatter
As weak promises shatter
Used up all the second chances
Given by the ones who matter

Pathetic excuses
Have all worn thin and through
The escape route transformed
Changed into a death trap

Killing brain cells, wasting away
Killing brain cells, pure misery
Killing brain cells, renounce, relapse
Killing brain cells, over and over again, again

Through free will it was chosen
Can't pin it on anyone else
Can't pin it on anyone else
Except yourself

Broke through the thin ice once stood on
Fall down into the nothingness
Die from the venom intaken
Now there's no one else to be blamed

Killing brain cells, wasting away
Killing brain cells, pure misery
Killing brain cells, renounce, relapse
Killing brain cells, over and over again, again

Roaches crawl in the filth of vice
What is deserved is what they receive
Suffer the pain they bring to themselves
Then deny the ruin
The innocents' defense is the reason it's waged for.
Born addicted, beaten and neglected. Families torn apart, destroyed and abandoned.
Children sell their bodies, from their high they fall to drown.
Demons crazed by greed cut bystanders down.
A chemically tainted welfare generation.
Abslolute complete moral degeneration.
Born addicted, beaten and neglected.
So OK, you're probably thinking, "Is this, like a Noxema commercial, or what?!" But seriously, I actually have a way normal life for a teenage girl. I mean I get up, I brush my teeth, and I pick out my school clothes.
Families torn apart, detroyed and abandoned.
Daddy's a litigator. Those are the scariest kinds of lawyers. Even Lucy, our maid, is terrified of him. He's so good he gets paid five hundred dollars an hour just to fight with people, but he fights with me for free 'cause I'm his daughter.
Children sell their bodies, from their high
they fall to drown. Demons crazed by greed cut bystanders down.
Corrupt politicans, corrupt enforcement, drug lords and
dealers; all must fall. The helpless are crying out.
We have risen to their call. A firestorm to purify.
Forged in the flames of chaos.
I don't know where that came from. That looks like one of your stringy something on others you got up here...
I don't know why Dionne is going out with a high school boy. They're like dogs. You have to clean them and feed them and they're just like these nervous creatures that jump and slobber all over you.
Should all oppressed people be allowed refuge in America? Amber will take the con position. Cher will be pro. Cher, two minutes.
Hammered by trials to tempered steel. Convictions, tried and tested,
onto a razor's edge, that's true and real.
Wrought between the hammer and the anvil, strengthened to never break.
The weakness that surrounds is the evil that I forsake.
Never have I taken in vain the sacred vessel of my soul. I am the master
of my faith, my destiny I control. Nobility lies in actions,
corrections where once was wrong. Ascension from evil with a
heart that's true and strong. Through this veil of shadows,
the light of truth is my only guide. A knight unyielding. To the X I'm crucified.
Demons descended upon the lands.
Well, at least I wouldn't skin a Collie to make my backpack.
Tell me about it. This weekend he called me up and he's all "Where were you today?" and I'm like "I'm at my Grandmother's house"...
Dionne and her boyfriend, Murray are in this dramatic relationship. I think they've seen that Ike and Tina Turner movie just too many times. Now I have to say to her...
No, but speaking of vehicular sex, perhaps you can explain to me how this cheap K-mart hair extension got into the back seat of your car.
Did I show you the loqued-out Jeep Daddy got me? It's got four wheel drive, dual side airbags and monster sound system. I don't have a licence yet, but I need something to learn on.
Dionne and I were both named after great singers of the past who now do infomercials.
The fire of greed burned within their minds. They destroyed the paradise
that filled their eyes. From the east they swarmed to pillage,
to populate the righteous under siege. The stream of invaders
rose into a raging flood. Now the arrow shaft lays broken
where the grasses dripped with blood. Unavenged apparitions of the
dead walk down this trail of tears that never ends.
So, the flannel shirt deal. Is that a nod to the crispy Seattle weather, or are you just trying to stay warm in front of the refrigerator?
Isn't my house classic? The columns date all the way back to 1972. Wasn't my Mom a betty? She died when I was just a baby. A fluke accident during a routine liposuction. I don't remember her, but I like to pretend she still watches over me.
OK, like, the way I feel about the Rolling Stones is the way my kids are going to feel about Nine Inch Nails, so I really shouldn't torment my Mom anymore, huh?
Conquered by the sword, by treaties that were lies. Millions perished in
the wars for their genocide. Decimated by manifest destiny.
Tortured and enslaved in the name of christianity. The stream
rose into a raging flood. Now the arrow shaft lays broken
where the grasses dripped with blood. Unavenged apparitions of the
dead walk down this trail of tears that never ends.
Manifest destiny prevails. Felled their rainforests, flood their lands.
Ancient cultures destroyed by so-called civilized man.
The tribal peoples of today; survival is at stake. History means
nothing if nothing's learned from past mistakes. Stop the unseen holocaust.
Poisoned tears fall from a corroding sky down to a tortured earth
that's been left to die. The oceans
diseased, the stricken lands decay. Mankind's supremist mentality
has set this world ablaze. Nature's plan forever altered,
animals lost to extinction. This society based on greed fuels
the onslaught of destruction. The circle of death ends with the
instigators victimized. The means to quench a selfish
lust brings eden's demise. Mass-murder, demonic cruelty. Absolute
fascism.
To end the enslavement and slaughter, the antidote is veganism.
Hey! God, you just got here and already you're playing couch Commando!
So, Josh, have you given any thought to our little discussion about Corporate Law?
Yeah, you know, but I think I'd really like to check out Environmental Law.
What for? Do you want to have a miserable, frustrating life?
At least he knows what he's doing. And he's in good college. I'd like to see you have a little bit of direction.
Well, some teachers are trying to low-ball me, Daddy. And I know how you say, "Never accept a first offer", so I figure these grades are just a jumping off point to start negotiations.
Oh, and you are such a superficial space-cadet. What makes you think you can get teachers to change your grades?
Don't let your outrage for injustice end where your
I'm so miserable. I can't eat, I can't sleep, I can't study.
selfishness begins. I have conquered through self control,
together we can win. Respect for nature and innocent life, the end
of human over human oppression.
A peaceful world can evolve after animal liberation.
To persist with what is immoral is illogical.
There's no excuse for violence against nature or
for the innocent to be killed. I see so much sickness. The enemy
surrounds. I see so much sickness. I fear what the future holds.
I have hope that the point of no return has not yet been
passed. These are the final moments. Sand pours from a broken hourglass.
Designed to deceive myths of supremacy.
A climate ingrained of fear and disdain. Spawning murderers since
time began. Borders redefined, the aggressors rule.
Demons have their day of every race in every land. Survivors of massacres
live on enslaved. One half of the world in five centuries has been under
European supremacist rule. Hatred forced into each
of all our minds. There's still time to set ourselves free.
Hatred forced into each of all our minds. There's still time to
set ourselves free. Architects of conspiracies created to subjugate.
Conquered peoples by believing their oppression is divine will.
Breed the killers of the lies. Unveil the truth throughout the past.
Until achievements are known.
Until inventions are known.
Until contributions are known humanity lives in lies.
Hatred forced into each of all our minds.
There's still time to set ourselves free.
Hatred forced into each of all our minds.
There's still time to set ourselves free.
Third world squalor, inhuman conditions.
Death stalks the have nots through depravation.
Open sewers, polluted water, monoxide consumes the air.
Crowded into shanty structures. Born into a nightmare.
Starvation and execution. Starvation and execution.
Scavenging in garbage piles, emaciated, malnourished.
Most turn away from those below
pleading for sustenance. The horrors, children suffer below poverty.
Sickness, fear and ignorance, all needlessly.
Starvation and execution. Starvation and execution.
Lives that deserve a chance written off as useless.
Police death squads.
Disappearances. Shots in the night, hidden graves;
their victim's only inheritance. Discarded humanity surrounds discarded
humanity. Starvation and execution. Starvation and execution.
The murdered slaved or stole for crumbs or drugs to deaden constant hunger.
To deaden consciousness to the coldness in which they lived.
From filthy hands to famished mouths.
Then I promised Miss Giest I'd start a letter writing campaign to my congressman about violations of the clean air act.
But Mr. Hall was totally rigid. He said my debates were unresearched, unstructured, and unconvincing, AS IF!
I felt impotent and out of control, which I really hate. I needed to find sanctuary in a place where I could gather my thoughts and regain my strength.
God, no! Nothing like that. It's just that, we've been shopping all day and I still don't know what to do about Mr. Hall. I have tried everything to convince him of my scholastic aptitude, but I was brutally rebuffed.
Dee, that's it! We've got to figure out a way to make Mr. Hall sublimely happy.
Here's the four-one-one on Mr. Hall. He's single, he's 47, and he earns minor duckets for a thankless job. What that man needs is a good healthy boinkfest. Unfortunately, there was a major babe drought in our school. The evil trolls from the math department were actually married,... oooh Snickers... and in the grand tradition of P.E. teachers, Ms. Stoeger seemed to be same-sex oriented. Of course, there was always Miss Giest. Something told me not to discount Miss Giest. Well sure, she has runs in her stockings, and her slip is always showing, and she always has more lipstick on her teeth than her mouth. God, this woman is screaming for a make-over. I'm her only hope.
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May but thy eternal summer shall not fade. Phat! Did you write that?
I know you're going to be better now. Now, you run along and I'll see you third period and you will try to remember to bring your textbook.
This is so unexpected, I, uh, I didn't even have a speech prepared. Uh, but I would like to say this: Tardiness is not something you can do all on your own. Many, many people contributed to my tardiness. Uh, I'd like to thank my parents for never giving me a ride to school, the L.A. city bus driver for taking a chance on an unknown kid, and, uh, last but not least, the wonderful crew at McDonalds for spending hours making those egg McMuffins, without which I might never be tardy.
Well, if Mr. Berkenstock has no political messages to include in his speech, I'll go on. Cher Horowitz, two tardies.
I object! Do you recall the dates of these alleged tardies?
Well not around here you can't. From this moment on, you will not drive, sit, do anything in that jeep without a supervised driver present. And no cruisin' around with Dionne, alright? Two permits do not equal a licence! Do I make myself clear?
Oh, that's good. You don't want to be the last one at the coffee house without chin pubes.
OK. So, actually, I have a permit and I can drive and all, but Daddy says I can't take the jeep out without a licenced driver, and since your not doing anything and all, you know?
You know, maybe Marky Mark wants to use his popularity for a good cause, make a contribution. In case you have never heard of that, a contribution is the giving of...
Which I'll bet serves your interest more than theirs. You know, if I ever saw you do something that wasn't ninety percent selfish, I'd die of shock.
What's wrong? Is Josh giving you shit because he's going through his post-adolescent idealistic phase?
Well, I am such a retard. When I was packing Daddy's lunch this morning I gave him my lemon snapple, and I took his sucky Italian roast. Do you want it?
Duh, it might stunt my growth. I wanna be 5'10" like Cindy Crawford. But I thought maybe you and Miss Giest might like it?
I know what you mean, but at least it's exercise. I feel like such a heffer. I had two bowls of special K, three pieces of turkey bacon, a handful of popcorn, five peanut butter M&M's, and like, three pieces of licorice.
Uh, no, Miss Stoeger? I have a note from my tennis instructor, and he would prefer it if I didn't expose myself to any training that might derail his teachings.
That is Alana's group over there. They do the T.V. station. They think that's the most important thing on Earth. And that's the Persian mafia. You can't hang with them unless you own a BMW. And there's Elton in the white vest, and all the most popular boys in the school.
OK, but street slang is an increasingly valid form of expression. Most of the feminine pronouns do have mocking, but not necessarily in a misogynistic undertone.
Oh, you like 'em? See, I was thinking it was too cluttered. You know, I wanna wipe all of this out and concentrate on one main decorative statement. Like, uh, Marvin the Martian. Right there.
Sometimes they come to class and say bonehead things, and we all laugh, of course. But no respectable girl actually dates them.
OK, from now on we're alternating Cindy Crawford's "Aerobicise" and "Buns of Steel", and reading one non-school book a week. My first book is "Fit or Fat".
Hey! You know about this stuff. I want to do something good for humanity.
Whatever. I am going to take that lost soul in there and make her well-dressed and popular. Her life will be better because of me. How many girls can say that about you?
Ok, you guys, all get together. Oh, that is great. Smile! Tai, Tai, get a little closer. Closer Tai. Good, great! Hey, Elton, uh, why don't you put your arm around Tai?
Looks like we're going to have to make a cameo at the Val party.
Listen Tai, when we get there make sure Elton sees you, but don't say hi first. Look like you're having fun and you're really popular. Talk to someone in his eyeline, preferably a guy. Make him come to you, and find an excuse to leave while he's still into the conversation. The key is, always have him wanting more. You got it?
I had to give myself snaps for all the good deeds I was doing. It was so great. Love was everywhere. Even though I was alone, I was really happy for Tai. It's like that book I read in ninth grade that said, "'tis a far, far better thing doing stuff for other people."
I really love her hair when it's all wild, you know? But it's also very pretty when it's all up, with that curly tendrils. Like in that picture I took.
Cher, listen to me. Me and Tai, I mean, we don't make any sense, right? Me and you, well, makes sense.
The evening had turned into a royal mess. Sexually harrassed, robbed. I didn't know the number of the party, so I couldn't call Dionne, and Daddy would kill me if he knew where I was. There was just one person left to call, and I really, really didn't want to call him.
Oh, Josh, please. He's taken our minds at the most fecund point, and restrained them before they've wandered through the garden of ideas. It's just like Hamlet said, "To thine own self, be true."
So, OK, I was at this party, and my designated driver tried to attack me, so I got out 'cause we'd stopped, and then he drove off and deserted me, and then this guy with a gun held me up, took my money, and my phone and he yelled at me and he forced me to ruin my dress.
I have got an idea. Let's blow off seventh and eighth, go to the mall, have a calorie fest, and see the new Christian Slater.
You know I don't really care either way. Oh, just as long as his you-know-what isn't that crooked. I really hate that.
Cher, you're a virgin?!
A fraction of a fraction
Sets the new rules to follow
Bind the hands of those who resist
To gag the mouths of all the rest

Crush the fight out of the those who persist
Censor belief's not allowed to exist
Create a state of mass confusion
Provoke a response from the trapped victim

Last of the last of the last of the sane
Hated and scorned for the truth that's possessed
Last of the last of the last of the sane
Now the most persecuted

A fraction of a fraction
Sets the new rules to follow
Bind the hands of those who resist
To gag the mouths of all the rest

Crush the fight out of the those who persist
Censor belief's not allowed to exist
Create a state of mass confusion
Provoke a response from the trapped victim

Last of the last of the last of the sane
Hated and scorned for the truth that's possessed
Last of the last of the last of the sane
Now the most persecuted

Created an illusion to trap the prey inside
Of the delusion that is forced into our minds
The thought police are winning, infiltrating the brain
To own the soul and body is the point of their game

Surest way to bring them down is
Beat the negativity into them
Watch them lock into self-destruct mode

Created an illusion to trap the prey inside
Of the delusion that is forced into our minds
The thought police are winning, infiltrating the brain
To own the soul and body is the point of their game

Last of the last of the last of the sane
Hated and scorned for the truth that's possessed
Last of the last of the last of the sane
Now the most persecuted

Crush the fight out of the demons
While there is still time
So, OK. I don't want to be a traitor to my generation and all, but I don't get how guys dress today. I mean, c'mon, it looks like they just fell out of bed and put on some baggy pants, and take their greasy hair, Ew! And cover it up with a backwards cap and like, we're expected to swoon? I don't think so!
During the next few days I did what any normal girl would do. I sent myself love letters, and flowers, and candy, just so he'd see how desired I was, in case he didn't already know.
And, anything you can do to draw attention to your mouth is good. Also, sometimes you have to show a little skin. This reminds guys of being naked, and then they think of sex.
It's like a painting, see? From far away, it's OK, but up close, it's a big old mess. Let's ask a guy. Christian, what do you think of Amber?
The band was kickin', and Christian was the hottest guy there, but my enjoyment was put on pause when I saw how unhappy Tai was.
Yeah, it's under your tutilage she's exploring the challenging world of bare midriffs. So you didn't want to make a night of it with the ring-a-ding kid?
The midnight snack totally revived the lawyers and Daddy was way grateful.
I know it sounds mental, but sometimes I have more fun vegging out than when I go partying. Maybe because my party clothes are so binding.
That is stupid. Why don't you just come here, you can have your old room, and there are going to be some great parties.
Christian said he'd call the next day, but in boy time, that meant Thursday. So, you can imagine my astonishment to hear from him while I was packing Daddy up.
He said he'd come over with some video tapes and we'd watch them. A night alone with Christian! I sent for reinforcements. Then, Dee and I had to design a lighting concept, and costume decisions. I don't rely on mirrors, so I always take polaroids. Whenever a boy comes, you should always have something baking.
I got to tell you something, I'm really sorry about your test and all, but I am so glad you're here. There's something I gotta do and I really need you here when I really do it. Does this thing work?
This is a bunch of stuff that reminded me of Elton, but I want to burn it, because I am so over him.
Like, little things, you know? Like, he always, he finds some sort of way to touch me or tickle me. And you remember the time at the frat when I was totally depressed and he asked me to dance with him, he was really flirty. You OK?
I know exactly how that feels. Like the other day, I was talking to Josh, and we were discussing the difference between high school girls and colege girls. The college girls wear less make-up on their face and that's why guys like them more.
I am majorly, totally, butt-crazy in love with Josh.
But now I don't know how to act around him. I mean, ordinarily I would strut around in my cutest little outfits and send myself flowers and candy, but I couldn't do that stuff with Josh.
The course set for complete oppression
An explosive destination
Fast forward ahead into time
Technology metamorphasizing

Beware, beware imposed serfdom
Beware, beware imposed serfdom

Robotics and machinery
Could tip the scales of power to an elite few
Wealth upon wealth amassed
A post-industrial plantation
Enforced by a surveillance police state
Beware, beware imposed serfdom
Beware, beware imposed serfdom
Robotics and machinery
Could tip the scales of power to an elite few
Wealth upon wealth amassed
A post-industrial plantation
Enforced by a surveillance police state
Police state, police state, police state
Is the 2 A.M. and the last of the patriots
All that stands between this plot's existence?
Is there an escape from the mass arrest procedure?
Robotics and machinery
Could tip the scales of power to an elite few
Wealth upon wealth amassed
A post-industrial plantation
Enforced by a surveillance police state
She's not a moron. You know, if you were paying attention to your assignment, it wouldn't have happened.
Don't worry about it, I'll take care of it. Your father won't lose any time. Can you imagine the nerve of that guy? I mean, making you worry like that, and yet, he's the one that screwed up and then he goes and blames us. Imagine saying we were... you know?
Look, we got a pool going to see who's girl gets the bouquet. It's up to two hundred dollars.
